OBSDOCS-612: Clean up CLF examples (#69027)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-collector-log-forward-loki.adoc

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: logging.openshift.io/v1
kind: ClusterLogForwarder
metadata:
  name: <log_forwarder_name> <1>
  namespace: <log_forwarder_namespace> <2>
spec:

>   outputs:

Reviewer: Same as above, need serviceAccountName: <service_account_name>

        labelKeys: kubernetes.labels.foo <10>
  pipelines:
   - name: application-logs <11>
     inputRefs:  <12>
     - application
     - audit
     outputRefs: <13>
     - loki-secure
----
<1> In legacy implementations, the CR name must be `instance`. In multi log forwarder implementations, you can use any name.
<2> In legacy implementations, the CR namespace must be `openshift-logging`. In multi log forwarder implementations, you can use any namespace.
<3> The name of your service account. The service account is only required in multi log forwarder implementations if the log forwarder is not deployed in the `openshift-logging` namespace.
<4> Specify a name for the output.
<5> Specify the type as `"loki"`.
<6> Specify the URL and port of the Loki system as a valid absolute URL. You can use the `http` (insecure) or `https` (secure HTTP) protocol. If the cluster-wide proxy using the CIDR annotation is enabled, the output must be a server name or FQDN, not an IP Address. Loki's default port for HTTP(S) communication is 3100.
<7> For a secure connection, you can specify an `https` or `http` URL that you authenticate by specifying a `secret`.

> <8> For an `https` prefix, specify the name of the secret required by the endpoint for TLS communication. The secret must exist in the `openshift-logging` project, and must have keys of: *tls.crt*, *tls.key*, and *ca-bundle.crt* that point to the respective certificates that they represent. Otherwise, for `http` and `https` prefixes, you can specify a secret that contains a username and password. For more information, see the following "Example: Setting secret that contains a username and password."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<8> For an `https` prefix, specify the name of the secret required by the endpoint for TLS communication. The secret must exist in the `openshift-logging` project, and must have keys of *tls.crt*, *tls.key*, and *ca-bundle.crt* that point to the respective certificates that they represent. Otherwise, for `http` and `https` prefixes, you can specify a secret that contains a username and password. For more information, see the following "Example: Setting a secret that contains a username and password."
```

> <9> Optional: Specify a meta-data key field to generate values for the `TenantID` field in Loki. For example, setting `tenantKey: kubernetes.namespace_name` uses the names of the Kubernetes namespaces as values for tenant IDs in Loki. To see which other log record fields you can specify, see the "Log Record Fields" link in the following "Additional resources" section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<9> Optional: Specify a metadata key field to generate values for the `TenantID` field in Loki. For example, setting `tenantKey: kubernetes.namespace_name` uses the names of the Kubernetes namespaces as values for tenant IDs in Loki. To see which other log record fields you can specify, see the "Log Record Fields" link in the following "Additional resources" section.
```

Reviewer 2: I realize this is existing content but IBM Style says do not use meta-data so maybe make a global change if possible.
